How is grandpa Huc now?
Grandpa's poison was completely gone.
Please ask this is a matter of time.
A Huc is lucky to have friends this time.
If not, grandpa is afraid he will go.
Mary and I stop being polite.
Furthermore.
No one could have thought of rewarding the Hua Hui government for so long.
Big brother like that.
Grandpa must be very sad.
General Director
What is the matter that you came here to find me today?
There is one thing.
Remember the master helped him.
Tell me, what cans are good to sell?
I want the merchant to disappear.
If the master can help me do it, what are the conditions?
Stop as soon as possible.
Then you help me prepare 20 top-quality ancient gems.
Maybe really don't want to.
Wait for me to finish cleaning, I will clean up again.
I will arrange it right away, don't worry.
I won't let you bleed in vain.
Huh?
Haha.